Standalone VM (#638)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/vm.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_vm"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-resource-vm"
description: |-

>   Provides a vCloud Director VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Standalone VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides a VMware Cloud Director VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Standalone VMs.
```

Author: changed

---

# vcd\_vm

> Provides a VMware Cloud Director standalone VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete standalone VMs.

Reviewer 2: For a novice, it's very easy to miss the "standalone" part and think it's any VM. Let's highlight somehow that this is specifically for standalone. We can upper case it or make it bold or italic.

```suggestion
Provides a VMware Cloud Director standalone VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Standalone VMs.
```

Author: changed

Supported in provider *v3.2+*

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vcd_vm" "TestVm" {
  name          = "TestVm"

  catalog_name  = "cat-datacloud"
  template_name = "photon-hw11"
  cpus          = 2
  memory        = 2048

  network {
    name               = "net-datacloud-r"
    type               = "org"
    ip_allocation_mode = "POOL"
  }
}
```

## Arguments and attributes reference

This resource provides all arguments and attributes available for `vcd_vapp_vm`, with the only difference that the

> `vapp_name` is not required.

Reviewer 2: It's not not required, it does not exist :) So, we should say something like:

```
with the only difference that there is no `vapp_name`.
```

Author: changed

> ---

Author: done

layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_vm"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-resource-vm"
description: |-
  Provides a vCloud Director VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete standalone VMs.
---

# vcd\_vm

Provides a vCloud Director standalone VM resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete standalone VMs.

Supported in provider *v3.2+*

> ## Example Usage

Author: Thanks. Changed
